Generate content of the knowledge base index page (#794)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/tips/css_style_kit/index.md

- You can change things like color or spacing easily by modifying CSS variables.
- There are also utility CSS classes to make elements look more appealing.

By default, the Stylekit is turned on, so it affects how your page looks.
If you want to turn it off, you can do so by setting the Stylekit parameter of the `Gui.run()` method to False.

## Main CSS Variables

> The Stylekit provides a long list of variables that affect how your Taipy application pages look.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Stylekit provides a set variables that affect how your Taipy application pages look.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The Stylekit provides a set of variables that affect the look of your Taipy application pages.
```
